Social Media Advertising
is sometimes called Social
Media Marketing but Social
Media Marketing is a broader
concept in which we could
englobate not only advertising
but inbound, organic
traffic generation
strategies.
Today we will talk about
advertising, that is, we will
talk about hiring campaigns
through social media, and
this is something unstoppable.
In fact, Facebook, which is
the highest exponent, has become
the second advertising
platform worldwide in absolute
terms, regardless
of what we are talking about on
and off, and Google is number one.
First, what social
media?
Well, since we can hire on almost
every social network, what happens
is that today we will
highlight a few.
We will highlight those that have
become a major investment destination
by companies, and we have
social networks with a social context,
such as Facebook, the largest
of all, Instagram, which belongs
to Facebook, and you have
to know that you are hired
on the same platform as
Facebook.
We will also show you how to do it.
Twitter, for example, we have social
networks, for example, like LinkedIn,
which is the professional social
network, by excellence, or there
are social networks of pure content
like YouTube.
In YouTube, for example, you have
to know that you are hired through
Google AdWords, which is
the platform we have seen where
SEM campaigns are hired
also in search engines.
Now what we're going to do
is make a quick comparison with
some ideas from the main platforms.
Well, the first thing you have to
consider when prioritizing or choosing
which you want to invest
in or which your customer is.
This is always so.
If your customer has to think about what
your customer person is and what social
networks they consult, obviously, if your
customer is very young and only uses Instagram
and does not use Facebook, well,
because it doesn't make sense that
you use Facebook, it's so, so easy.
But what I'll do is, let's highlight
some idea of each of
them.
Facebook's biggest advantage is its reach.
Almost everyone is on Facebook,
right?
2 billion active users.
Instagram, which is contacted through
Facebook, well, because what we have
is a slightly different
use, it is a little younger people.
If your target audience, your
customer person is younger, is younger,
Instagram would probably be
the best option.
Instagram is very attractive because
for companies that sell,
companies that sell products
related to fashion, beauty,
etc., related to the aesthetics
in general, less with functionality.
Twitter is another social network
that along with Facebook, with Instagram,
well, are social networks in
a social context in which you,
well, share information but
also very related with friends,
etc.
LinkedIn is
different, why?
Because it is a professional
social network, then the context in
which the user uses LinkedIn is
different.
It is usually at work and it is
also that it is not related to your
personal life but to professional
issues, articles are shared, etc.,
and you probably already
know it.
What are the implications of this
as a advertising platform?
Well, because it is mainly used
by companies that sell to B2B,
basically it is so, with higher
average tokens, etc.
It is rare for someone who sells,
because I don't know, watches or sunglasses
use LinkedIn, but on LinkedIn
we can see more campaigns from
software companies, professional
services, etc.
And with regard to the cost, we have
to keep in mind that the traffic generated
by LinkedIn is more expensive in general.
The CPM, the cost per thousand
impressions, is good, as it can sometimes
be up to five times higher.
But well, it's a matter of it compensating
you because in theory it can be
more qualified traffic, etc.
YouTube is a social network because
it is a social network of pure
content in which a small percentage
of its users generate all
the content that these videos
are and are consumed by
others.
There are fewer interactions,
it allows you to do less tracking,
which happens that it is true that
in some cases like YouTube is used
almost as a search engine, especially
young people, do searches on
YouTube and not on Google.
Well, you can have good impacts
because you can benefit
from the advantages of search engine
marketing and it is that when
they look for you, not you, but
when they do searches related
to your product or service,
that traffic can be more qualified
than when you are directly
impacting someone who is
not looking for anything related.